For Algorithms and Data Structures, I have decided to go with CS 260 where I learned about Data Structures and Algorithms. During this class I was tasked with providing eBid Nashville in the final project with the proper analysis to give them the best information using C++. The goal was to use binary trees because it is the quickest of the data structures. I plan to go through the project and find ways to use algorithms and data structures to make it more efficient and complex. This will demonstrate my skills with algorithms and data structures.
I choose this project for my ePortfolio because it was challenging yet interesting and I learned a lot while working on the project. When taking the course at the time I did I still wasn’t comfortable with programming but I did like learning C++ so it made it less stressful because I was interested in learning more C++. Also, being able to create a display that allowed the user to interact with the database was cool to learn. 
I believe I made the necessary updates to help the program function smoother. The display is more user friendly and provides the proper tools need for a biding company to search for any information on their product. 
Being able to look back at this project and knowing what I know now, I was able to read the code better, make a few adjustments and provide a better commented code for a user to edit and build on. I didn’t have many challenges since I already put in the work when I took the class at the end of last year or so but it was nice to look back at the code and play with it a little. 

[BinarySearchTree update.zip](https://github.com/dsantiago13/dsantiago13.github.io/files/6918489/BinarySearchTree.update.zip)
